[CI:DOCS] podman-run.1.md:detach-keys: spell the default value just once (#10629)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-run.1.md

#### **--detach-keys**=*sequence*

> Specify the key sequence for detaching a container. Format is a single character `[a-Z]` or one or more `ctrl-<value>` characters where `<value>` is one of: `a-z`, `@`, `^`, `[`, `,` or `_`. Specifying "" will disable this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the key sequence for detaching a container. Format is a single character `[a-Z]` or one or more `ctrl-<value>` characters where `<value>` is one of: `a-z`, `@`, `^`, `[`, `,` or `_`. Specifying "" will set the sequence to the default value of *ctrl-p,ctrl-q*
```

Author: The proposed wording `Specifying "" will set the sequence to the default value of *ctrl-p,ctrl-q*` does change the current meaning.  I have updated the patch with the new meaning.
